Binary (#52)
wesbos/dad-jokes: readme.md

**A:** Because he used up all his cache

---

> There are 10 types of people in this world, those who understand binary and those who dont

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Q:** Did you know there are only 10 types of people in this world?

**A:** Those who understand binary and those who do not
```

How about we put it in the Q/A format?
